right!
The old expression has said that tonight is the beginning of your questioning.
That's where I am.
woke up. This is the middle master's room.
The young master has helped our family greatly.
Don't be afraid that I will tell dad.
I'm just afraid to tell you.
This urgent day is your father’s fault.
Oops, ouch, ouch
Although she is not your father’s biological daughter
But she is me and you
It’s up to you to die anyway
I'll tell you the truth
You were lost back then
I found someone to hide you away
And a kiss from you
I found someone to fake her death
I've liked your dad since I was a kid
But back then our Song family
I can’t carry your daughter Ye’s family
It just so happens that your daughter's Ye family of three is going to travel abroad.
I will be your tour guide
Lose you first
Never dream about your mother again
You decided to be sad
come together
Don't be different
He has always refused to have children with me
I can only take my illegitimate mother
think so
Your dad for so many years
Never give up on the road
Now he's actually lighting the way
This hand won't be able to move